Zheng
The two of us will live in Kamuro-juku
Tomorrow, we will be happy to see each other
In the neck of Kumano breaker
It is embarrassing to see that people are left behind
and he kommt im Her DACHA
and is pleading chopped onion
by Shigekun still in the dark
I see the world on fire
Also over a mountain
These things?
That was my whatsit.
Important news?
Senpai, we already know about it.
100-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred
The sun rises early in the morning,
but no one thinks it's good.